Stateproofs (#67)
algorandfoundation/specs: dev/crypto.md

  key `c`.

- The total weight of all signers whose signatures appear in the array
  of signatures, under msgpack key `w`.

- The Vector commitment proof for the signatures revealed above, under msgpack
  key `S`.

- The Vector commitment proof for the participants revealed above, under msgpack
  key `P`.

- The Falcon signature salt version, under msgpack key `v`, is the expected salt version of 
every signature in the state proof.

- The set of revealed signatures, chosen as described in section IV.A
  of the [technical report][compactcert], under msgpack key `r`.  This set is stored as a
  msgpack map.  The key of the map is the position in the array of the
  participant whose signature is being revealed.  The value in the map
  is a msgpack struct with the following fields:

  -- The participant information, encoded as described [above](#participant-commitment),
    under msgpack key `p`.

  -- The signature information, encoded as described [above](#signature-format),
    under msgpack key `s`.

- A sequence of positions, under msgpack key `pr`. The sequence defines the order of the
  participant whose signature is being revealed. i.e \newline

>   _PositionsToReveal_ = [IntToInd(coin$_{0}$),...,IntToInd(coin$_{numReveals-1}$)]

Author: the link is at line 416, are you suggesting we should link that again here?

Note that, although the state proof contains a commitment to
the signatures, it does not contain a commitment to the participants.
The set of participants must already be known in order to verify a
state proof.  In practice, a commitment to the participants is
stored in the block header of an earlier block, and in the state proof message that was
proven by the previous state proof.

## State proof validity

A state proof is valid for the message hash, 
with respect to a commitment to the array of participants,
if:

- The vector commitment proofs for the signature and the participant information
  should be less than or equal to 20.

- All falcon signatures should have the same salt version and it should 
  by equal to the salt version specified in state proof

> - The number of reveals in the state proof should be less than of equal to ????? 1024 ???????

Author: This value needs to be updated (that is why it is marked with ???). waiting for the crypto team to finish some analysis.

> - The number of reveals in the state proof should be less than of equal to ????? 1024 ???????

Author: This number should be fixed to support the SNARK verifier which would be fixed in some expectes.

where:

> - _Weight_ is a 64-bit, little-endian integer represents the total online stake in MicroAlgos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Weight_ is a 64-bit, little-endian integer represents the participant's balance in MicroAlgos
```
